---
title: Unbroken(勇往直前)
date: 2018-08-27 07:17:46
tags: 
- Motivation
mp3: 
cover: /images/BaiduHi_2018-8-27_10-41-47.jpg
---
<video style="width:100%" controls="controls">
  <source src="http://cdn.yoqi.me/direct/2018-08-27/Unbroken%20-%20Motivational%20Video.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

**You can't connect the dots looking forward,**

**you can only connect them looking backwards.**

So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.

You have to trust in something:

your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.

Because believing that the dots will connect down the road

will give you the confidence to follow your heart,

even when it leads you off the well worn path.

And that will make all the diffrence.

**Your time is limited,**

**so don't waste it living someone else's life.**

Don't be trapped by dogma:

which is living with the results of other people's thinking.

Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice.

You've got to find what you love.

And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers.

Your work is going to fill a large part of your life

**and the only way to be truly satisfied**

**is to do what you believe is great work.**

And the only way to do great work...

is to love what you do

If you haven't found it yet,

keep looking.

and don't settle.

what you truly want to become.

You’re going to have some ups and you’re going to have some downs

Most people give up on themselves easily.

You know the human spirit is powerful?

**There is nothing as powerful – it’s hard to kill the human spirit!**

Anybody can feel good when they have their health, their bills are paid, they have happy relationships.

Anybody can have a larger vision then,

Anybody can have a large vision then,

anybody can have faith under those kinds of circumstances.

comes when get knocked down.

**It takes courage to act.**

Part of being hungry when you have been defeated.

**It takes courage...**

**to start over again.**

Fear kills dreams.

Fear kills hope.

Fear...

Fear... put people in the hospital.

Fear can age you

can hold you back from doing something that you know within yourself that you are capable of doing,

but it will paralyze you.

At the end of your feelings is nothing,

but at the end of every principle is a promise.

Behind your little feelings, it might not be absolutely nothing at the end of your little feelings.

But behind every principle is a promise.

And some of you in your life

the reason why you not at your goal right now, because you just all about your feelings.

**All on your feelings, you don’t feel like waking up – who does?**

Everyday you say 'no' to your dreams,

you might be pushing your dreams back a whole six months, a whole year!

That one single day, that one day you didn’t get up could have pushed your stuff back I don’t know how long.

Don't allow your emotion to control you.

If you don't discipline and contain your emotion, they will use you.

and you’re going to go all out to have it.

It’s not going to be easy, when you want to change,

it’s not easy. If it were in fact easy, everybody would do it.

But if you’re serious, you’ll go all out.

**I'm in control here.**

**I’m not going to let this get me down, I’m not going to let this destroy me.**

**I'm coming back!**

**And I'll be stronger and better because of it!**

That this is what you stand for!

Take full responsibility for your life.

Accept where you are and the responsibility that you’re going to take yourself where you want to go.

You can decide that** I am going to live each day as if it were my last!**

**Live your life with passion!**

**With some drive.**

Decided that you are going to push yourself.

The last chapter to your life has not been written yet,

and it doesn’t matter about what happened yesterday

It doesn’t matter about what happened to you, what matters is:

‘what are you going to do about it?’

**This year I will make this goal become a reality.**

**I won’t talk about it anymore.**

**I can.**

**I can!**

**I CAN !**

To persevere I think is important for everybody.

Don't give up, don't give in.

There's always an answer to everything
